Welcome to video effects or often shortened to VFX.
So what's coming up in this section.
Well this is all about combining our computer generated imagery with real world environments.
Or if you wanted to combining it with other CGI eyes.
So this this can be your models that you've made it can be your particle systems can be anything.
You've generated on the computer and combining it with in this case a still image so we're going to
start with a still image and place a model into it and make sure it looks relatively realistic.
Obviously that would depend on the quality of your model as well.
Now after we have mastered that we will go ahead and conquer video footage as well which has some other
nitty gritty things that we need to sort out.
Choosing your subject now you can follow along with me.
You can choose your own path or indeed do both.
One of the best ways of learning is to also go off on a tangent and work on your own project as well
either in parallel or just after you've taken the section.
It's a great way to reinforce your knowledge.
Now remember to keep it simple.
This goes for both your model if you're going to make your own and the real space that it is going to
occupy.
If we get started get too complex at this point in time it's going to cause you issues.
So remember to keep it simple ain't talkin about keeping it simple.
It's time for a nice simple challenge for you.
So the challenge is to plan your scene.
We are going to put a 3D model into a photograph.
Now ideas for a scene.
The photograph itself perhaps an empty road or a runway or a desk a windowsill or any other work top
or work surface.
Of course it would be great when were going to use a model so what model are you going to use.
Be great if they matched up with the scene doesn't have to be interesting if it didn't.
As opposed.
But for an empty road you might put a car on their runway a plane a work top perhaps in a kitchen.
Well perhaps any kitchen utensil plates glasses nice simple models remember simplicity.
Now use existing models and scenes where possible this whole sections go in about bringing these two
things together rather than making them so.
One other thing you can.
One of the things you can do here is use somewhere like blend swaps do go in and check out w w w dot
blend swap dot com for your models.
If you're going to use them and remember to credit others for their hard work as well check out the
Creative Commons licence.
All the blend files on blend swap tend to have one of those.
Just make sure you credit others for their work.
So Paul's video now and give that a go.
Okay guys.
Welcome back.
Did you plan your scene.
How did it turn out.
I'm going to go through what I've planned for my scene now and then will crack on and get on with it.
So what do I want to do.
Well my scene is going to be a runway at sunset and the object I'm going to do a fighter jet because
that kind of call that's what I like and that's what I'm going to do.
Of course you guys can follow along with this or indeed go down your own route as well.
Please share with us.
Over on the forum what you guys are going to be up to what your plans are perhaps you've done some sketches
of the scene that you want to do.
Perhaps you got some awesome resources in there.
I'm really looking forward to seeing what you guys are going to create and I will see you guys in the
next lecture.